[16.0][MIG] account_statement_import_file_reconcile_oca (#576)
OCA/bank-statement-import: account_statement_import_file_reconcile_oca/readme/INSTALL.rst

> This module will be installed automatically by Odoo if the modules **account_statement_import** and **account_reconciliation_widget** are installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module will be installed automatically by Odoo if the modules **account_statement_import** and **account_reconcile_oca** are installed.
```

Author: done
